One thing we should stop and think about is the fact that there is a very uncertain market for recycled plastic bumpers of cars.
This debate is now before us, but each and every one of us, male and female, is going to assume their responsibilities without delay.
We have made progress in recent months and weeks, as Mr Gama mentioned earlier.
There are too many rights, too many regulations and too little room for leadership.
It is clearly no longer suited to the requirements of a modern, multinational organisation.
The political crisis which led to the downfall of the Commission earlier this year clearly demonstrated the need for unambiguous and enforceable rules of conduct.
I have already said that Turkey is part of the NPT and of the Convention on Nuclear Safety.
The FVO is made up of independent scientists and vets and so on who travel from some location where there is an airport - quite clearly we have an airport in Dublin.
But information which includes a fundamental disagreement between scientists on core issues relating to food safety is also an issue of serious concern.
It is fundamentally essential therefore that the authority is not anonymous.
The Union should make a tax pact, which any countries could initially be party to.
Thirdly, if we do not stand up to this unnatural alliance, I can assure you that we can forget the European Union' s main objective - enlargement - because, if we were Czechs, Slovenes or Hungarians, what would we say, faced with a neighbour who judges us on racial grounds and does not want us to enter?
We are not putting words into someone' s mouth or stigmatising the Austrian people if we send a friendly message, saying: friends, beware of what may soon happen in your country and what may contaminate the whole of Europe: not a radical change - I think Mr Haider is too intelligent for that - but a gradual erosion of democratic rights, a slow erosion, by cultural contagion, and that is extremely dangerous.
That is why we are indebted to the Commission for taking a stance that separates it from the rest.
However, in my view, he will be no more able or willing to be integrated into this, into our political system, and into the Europe of today, than any other extreme right-wing movement.
We are debating nothing less than the presence in a Member State' s government of a political force whose doctrine and principles are incompatible with the conceptual and moral bases of the Union enshrined in its founding Treaties.
In the twentieth century, we have had experience of the fact that democracies can find themselves at risk, and morality, values and the spirit which I mentioned can be mortally affected by viruses which have just one name: nationalist glorification, populism and the concept of racial superiority.
In addition, we have a flexible clause concerning the efficiency of the negotiations and of the institutions, which may be used for any purposes whatsoever.
I would like you to bear in mind that yesterday we had a very worthwhile day of discussions and dialogue with the representatives of the 15 national parliaments, which were represented by competent and exacting delegations.
We are counting on the Portuguese Presidency, we are counting on ourselves and we are counting on the Commission so that we can hold constructive and decisive debates on all of this at the Intergovernmental Conference.
A good dose of hypocrisy is needed to overlook our weakness today.
However, politics exacts its revenge, and having been thrown out of the window by a debate on a limited agenda, it comes back in, as a matter of fact, through a door, and through the front door in the case of Austria, since a party is entering the Austrian Government which seems to represent a return to intolerance, xenophobia and forms of racism.
What will happen to a place like Scotland, which I represent here?
We have established the single currency - which is extremely positive - and we are facing enlargement.
I hope that, at the end of the debate, when all the speakers have contributed, I will once again be given the opportunity to elaborate upon the different amendments.
On the face of it these two proposals appear to be implementing certain procedural changes to facilitate freedom of movement across Europe and to give effect to the recent court cases Mrs Berger referred to in her opening remarks.
The question is, furthermore, one of whether the two cases should be treated in the same way.
It is true that it is a stopgap solution, but we must rely on stopgap solutions because, at the moment - as he himself has pointed out - we cannot expect a broad reform of the system from the Intergovernmental Conference.
I believe that it is important for the Community initiative to be able to begin on time and therefore for the report to receive overwhelming support so that the Commission is also obliged to take into consideration the constructive proposals made by the European Parliament, because Parliament put the appropriations for EQUAL in the reserve precisely so as to ensure that Members' ideas were also reflected in this Community initiative.
Urban policy has always been at the forefront of EU policy.
